JinSoul: I'm going to hand out some can coffees (to Orbit)
JinSoul: As a surprise event!
JinSoul: I wonder how fans will react!
JinSoul: What if they are embarrassed and don't react?
Jinsoul: Or what if they don't recognize me?
JinSoul: No way... that's not going to happen, right?
(If fans don't recognize JinSoul, she will use her eyebrows like this!)
JinSoul: 'Take it, please~'
JinSoul: I will do like this~
(Let's move to fans who are lined up outside!)
JinSoul: I get nervous
JinSoul: Hey~
JinSoul: Thank you for coming in spite of the cold weather!
(They looks so embarrased because of JinSoul's unexpected show up!)
(JinSoul handing out can coffees to every fans one by one!)
'You are so beautiful~'
JinSoul: Fighting, ODD EYE!
(This is a small gift to fans coming here to see LOOΠΔ despite the cold weather!)
JinSoul: Thank you~
JinSoul: Thank you for coming!
JinSoul: See you at the ODD EYE CIRCLE Hertz~
'Beautiful!'
JinSoul: It feels good~
JinSoul: Very heartwarming!
JinSoul: I love this touching and warm moment!
JinSoul: They were already waiting for us outside and I was so moved~
JinSoul: To pay back for fans' support
JinSoul: You know, I will do my best to make more perfect performance, fighting!